Last time we took an impossibly strong
Weedle, giving it level 255 and max DVs
to see how it would do in the full game
solo run of Pokémon Red and Blue. And we
found that while it was pretty strong,
it wasn't like it was just one-shotting
every single opponent. Poison Sting was
still a trash move. And by the time it
got to Agatha, we even had some serious
struggles on our hands. But that led a
lot of people to ask, what is the actual
strongest Pokemon that is possible in a
Pokemon Red and Blue game without any
game sharks, any cheating devices, just
the game itself? And the answer is
actually pretty simple. The old man
glitch, which is the way that you could
encounter Missing No, as well as Pokémon
over level 100, is limited to only a few
Pokémon. But one of the Pokémon that
does show up in the list is Mewtwo.
Let's break down how you get it and what
its stats would actually be if it were
the strongest possible Mewtwo. Now,
getting a level 255 Mewtwo is actually
incredibly easy. Does not require a game
shark or anything in the game. You
simply need a proper trainer name in
order to get this to work. After
watching the old man catch a Weedle, we
can come down here to Cineabar Island
where we will surf along these edge
tiles right here. And what we want is
not that level 80 Golbat, but instead
this level 132 Mewtwo. You see, Mewtwo
is showing up here because of the fact
that I have a particular name. As a kid,
I actually went by the name Ted or
Teddy. I went by Teo, which is short for
Teodoro when I got much older. So, as a
kid, I used to run this as my name. And
the game looks at the second and third
characters of your name, also the fourth
and fifth characters of your name, and
so on, where the second character of
your name is the level of the Pokémon
that will show up, and the third
character of your name is the species of
the Pokémon that will show up. And it
just happens that a capital D
corresponds to Mewtwo. Now, this happens
because when you watch the old man catch
the Weedle in the catching tutorial, the
game stores the player name in the
position of Pokémon encounter data. And
since the E in my name stood for 132,
the level, and D represented the Mewtwo,
we can catch this Mewtwo legitimately
over level 100 with a simple master
ball. And if you needed more master
balls, you could just missing no glitch
in order to get as many as you need. So
now with our level 132 Mewtwo in the
bag, we now just need to do the infinite
item glitch by putting the rare candies
that we have into the sixth slot of our
bag. And now once we encounter a missing
note, we can run away and find that we
have multiplied the number of rare
candies that we have in the bag
massively. And we can just start
leveling up this Mewtwo. And here, as we
get it to level 255, we can bask in the
glory of Mew3, or what I guess I would
call canon Mewtwo, a Pokémon that has a
ridiculous amount of HP, attack,
defense, speed, and special, but this is
still probably not the strongest Mewtwo
that we can possibly get. Now, it's
important to note that giving vitamins
is the only way you can further raise
these Pokemon's stats because you're not
able to actually battle opponents with
them. Typically, in a normal game, if
you battled an opponent, you will
immediately level down to level 100 if
there's any XP calculation whatsoever.
Even if you set the game where you only
get zero XP from every battle, it will
still level you down to level 100 if the
XP calculation is called. So that means
that these Pokemon could only be used
against one Pokemon before they would
level down to level 100 or they would
keep their level if you fought a link
battle since link battles do not have an
XP calculation. The game actually stops
the calculation right there. So that
means you cannot gain stat experience or
the Gen 1 version of EVs by battling
other Pokémon. The only way you could
raise your stats would be by giving stat
boosting vitamins. These vitamins, of
course, have a limit of 10 per Pokemon
before they stop working. The actual cap
of stat experience you can get from the
vitamins is
25,600, after which you will just say it
has no effect. But by simply exploiting
the same missing no glitch that we just
used for rare candies, we can get
infinite amounts of every vitamin so
that we don't have to have infinite
money here. And after slamming all of
the vitamins into our Mew3, we can now
see that its stats have become even more
insane. This Pokémon has 984 HP, 744
attack, 642 defense, 846 speed, and
968 special. And while catching this
Pokemon at this level actually results
in it having no attacking moves because
the game just gives it its highest level
moves which are barrier recover mist and
amnesia given how high our stats are.
Amnesia is absolutely unnecessary. Same
for barrier and mist is generally just
not a very useful move anyway. So, you
just keep recover and slam three TM
moves onto this Pokémon. And suddenly,
you have the most overpowered Mewtwo
that has ever existed. And I think you
guys can see right now why this Mewtwo,
when I used it in Link Battles back in
the day, was so incredibly OP. But there
are a few caveats here. The first thing
to ask is, what happens if you put this
Pokemon in the PC? Well, when we come to
withdraw this Pokémon, we can see that
it's actually leveled down. This is
because the game doesn't actually store
the Mewtwo in its data. Rather, it just
stores a bunch of data that points to
that Pokemon. So, it's actually
calculated this level based on this
3,949,52 experience points that we have
rather than based on the fact that I put
it in at level 255. So, you do have to
be careful. This was one of the things
in the old link battles back in the day
where people would require you to
actually deposit your Pokemon in the PC
and then take them out to battle
partially as a way to overcome glitches
like this. The other thing that we have
to be careful about is giving this
YouTube an additional rare candy. I
always find it funny when somebody
comments in the videos telling me that
I'm wrong, like, "Why did you do level
255? You could have had level 300 or
level 500 with this Pokémon." These
people don't know what they're talking
about. You give a single rare candy to
this Pokemon and it levels down to level
zero. So now instead of having any stats
whatsoever, it's stuck with only 10 HP
and five in every single stat. So, if
you did a picasspray and took your
friend's cartridge, released all of
their Pokemon, spent all their money,
threw away all their items, and put this
Pokemon inside of Laurelai's room at the
Elite 4, and then gave it one rare candy
to make it level zero, you would
effectively guarantee that your friend
had a game that could never be played
again. So, the fact of the matter is
that the strongest possible,
legitimately catchable, without a game
shark, without using game hook or some
sort of cheating device, just using the
way that the game is, the strongest
Pokémon you could ever possibly get is
this level 255 Mewtwo with these stats.
Any stats beyond this would not
technically be legal. Same for any level
beyond this. That's not how binary
numbers work in the game's data. But now
that we've established that this is in
fact the strongest Pokemon possible and
that it is legitimately catchable by
just using in-game mechanics, now we
need to figure out one last thing. Just
how powerful would a level 255 Mewtwo
actually be? So, let's do a full game
solo challenge with it and see if we
literally one-shot every opponent in the
game. But now, as we meet Professor Oak
outside of Pallet Town, it's time to get
into this full game solo run. And this
is going to be easy. This is going to be
an absolute cakewalk. But what we're
going to do is we're going to come into
Oak's lab. We're going to pick up the
ball right here that has a Mewtwo in the
place of Charmander. And it's time now
to get this challenge going. Now, after
a little bit of setup on the back end,
we now have our Ultra Instinct Mewtwo.
That's right. This is not a Super Saiyan
Mewtwo. It's way too powerful for that
with its stats. But as mentioned, if you
catch a Mewtwo over level 100, it
actually would not have any damage
dealing moves. So, this is potentially
going to be a massive time loss in the
early game as we try to use up all of
our PP against our opponents. Still,
once we get to struggle, I think we're
going to one-shot everything. And we've
got a great TM learn set, so we should
get plenty of moves as we go through the
game. We are playing a modded version of
Pokemon Red and Blue that has no
experience gain so that we can actually
play the whole game as the strongest
Mewtwo. It's time to see how good this
Pokemon actually is. So, starting off
against the rival and his Squirtle. The
problem is that we're going to have to
just use up all of our PP. Of course,
Squirtle is only going to do one damage
per hit, so it's going to take it 984
hits to knock us out. I think even if he
sets up all of the tail whips, it really
won't matter. or I'm using barrier right
now just to get through all this PP, but
this is going to take a short eternity
just to win this first fight. So, after
6 and 12 minutes it took me to set up
everything in the back end and use up
all my PP. I'm finally able to use
struggle to oneot here against the
Squirtle. And the problem is that
Professor Oak heals us automatically
after that fight. So, we're going to
have to use up all of our PP again
before we're actually going to be able
to damage opponents. But then I think
we're going to be able to go for a long
time just struggling and pretty easily
getting through Pokémon until we can
actually get a damage dealing move. Now,
as I mentioned, usually I would love to
have the moves barrier and Amnesia on my
move set, but here I honestly just don't
think I need them for anything because
our stats are already completely
overpowered. Like, what? We're going to
use Amnesia once to get to 999 special?
Like, that's going to make a massive
difference. So, I think we're going to
basically get rid of those moves as soon
as possible and hopefully use something
else instead. Now, the issue that we
have potentially here is that the bud
catcher that we have to fight here in
Vidian Forest does have a Weedle, which
is going to use poison sting. And
because it's going to take so many
turns, we are almost certainly going to
get poisoned. So, I think we're going to
have to mess around a little bit with
which move to use. We're going to end up
having to use recover in order to
recover that poison damage. But who
knows, maybe we reach a point where we
have such high defense that we can't
actually be affected by poison sting.
But no, it's still doing two damage per
hit, which is generally speaking the
lowest amount of damage that can be done
unless you resist a move. And when we
get poisoned, of course, the poison is
going to do significantly more damage
than any of the hits from the Weedle.
So, we're going to be paying attention
to our HP and healing up here and there
with recover, which also takes a massive
amount of time just because of how long
it takes the animation to play as it
refills your HP bar. Fortunately, we do
have recover, so we should be able to
survive here while we use up all of the
PP in our moves. It just takes a small
eternity. So, if you thought that this
was going to be the world's fastest
speedrun just because we have the
strongest possible Pokemon, yeah, you
came to the wrong channel. Still,
fortunately, even after using up all the
PP in our other moves, we still have
plenty of recover PP left in order to
get all of our HP back. So, you can't
just sit here and hold auto A. If you
do, you'll get poisoned and you'll
eventually go down before you can
actually use up the PP in your moves.
And while you could argue that we could
have given ourselves some damage dealing
moves, come on, where's the fun in that?
And once we finally get to struggle, of
course, it is just a simple onehit KO on
that Weedle and we can slam one of the
antidotes in our bag and we're ready to
move on in the game. Obviously, we do
not want to heal in the Pokemon center.
We want to go straight to Brock because
our only way to damage him is with
struggle and we don't want to have to go
through that whole grinding away PP
again because nobody likes grinding PP.
[Music]
So Brock attempt number one. I think
this is easy. We struggle and one-shot
the geodude and then we struggle and
one-shot the Onyx. Easy victory, but it
took 12 minutes and 34 seconds to get
through that just because of how long it
takes to use up all the BP in our moves.
So, it's going to be very interesting to
see how we go through the rest of this
given the fact that
yeah, this this isn't going to be
necessarily the fastest run, but once we
get to Mount Moon, we will actually be
able to learn some legit moves and get
away from just using struggle on
everything. So, let's get there and grab
some TMs as quick as possible. So, we
can pick up TM12 in order to learn the
move water gun. We're going to go ahead
and learn this move over the top of
barrier since I don't think I need it.
And we will grab TM1 to learn Mega Punch
since that's probably going to be our
best move against Misti in this one. And
we'll just learn that over Mist because
uh nobody needs Mist, especially when
they're up against Misti. So, let's just
see if now we can make our way through
the game a little bit faster and a
little less grindy than what we were
dealing with before. Now, in any case
where it's neutally effective, I think
water gun is the play since it's 100%
accurate. We'd prefer not to miss a
bunch of times with that mega punch. So,
as we come into the final super nerd
here, we're just going to spam the water
gun and get the easy KOs on all of these
Pokémon. We will pick up the dome fossil
since it is the superior fossil every
time. And now, let's just catch a Paris
and make our way out to Misti. Now,
there aren't really any upgraded moves
before we would get to Misti, so I think
we're fine to just come straight into
the gym and hopefully destroy her team.
The question is, is water gun strong
enough at our current level to just
one-shot these water types? Gets through
the golden. So, let's see if it works on
Misti
herself. So, Misty attempt number one.
We come in with water gun on the Staryu
and that is a onehit KO. Out comes the
Starbean. We could go mega punch, but
let's try the water gun. Still gets the
one hitter there thanks to our massive
stats. So, we get through Misti in 16
minutes and 37 seconds with two TMs
learned so far because we actually
needed to have some moves. But with
that, we can now progress in the game
and we've got Bubble Beam. But I don't
think Bubble Beam's actually going to be
necessary because who cares about the
minor increase in damage when this whole
run is basically just about the fact
that we have OP stats anyway. So
instead, I'm going to come straight to
the rival and let's just fight him with
this move set where I'm just going to go
auto A on water gun. And we are simply
one-shotting all of his Pokemon. And we
get to the final Squirtle. And even it
is a onehit KO with Water Gun. And after
making sure to put on set battle mode so
I don't keep getting those notifications
about changing Pokémon, we can now
progress over the Nugget Bridge where I
think everything's going to be nice and
easy getting to good old Billy Boy. So,
let's just go check in on him and see
how he's doing since last time he tried
to combine with Weedle. Maybe this time
he's going to try to fuse with our Ultra
Instinct Mewtwo. But, as we get into
Billy Boy's house, we find out that he
completely messed up his fusion
technique. He's like the fat Gotenks,
you know? So, he's going to go in the
closet. We're going to try to help him
out and tell him that this Mewtwo is far
too powerful for him to combine with.
And we're going to take his ticket as
compensation for the fact that he was
trying to steal our magic. And now the
one issue that we have, I guess, is that
we're running low on PP. So, the only
reason I'm going to learn Bubble Beam
here is just to have another damaging
move so that I don't have to go back to
the Pokémon Center as much. And we're
ready to progress down to Vermilion City
and rival number three. He's going to
have his evolved starter, but it's not
going to matter. I guarantee that Bubble
Beam is just going to completely destroy
War Turtle. And uh we're we're actually
running as like a movie cannon Mewtwo
here. Clearly, the power is is
appropriate. Still, some of these
trainers insist on disrespecting us by
using things like quick attack to
actually damage our perfect Mewtwo. So,
we're going to get our revenge on the
entire world of KTO. And while I could
get body slam in here, I'm not even
going to waste my time with that. Let's
just go ahead and fight against the
rival. So, here we one-shot the first
Pidgeotto. We one-shot the Radicate. We
can just one-shot here against Kadabra.
And sure enough, we're going to one-shot
the War Turtle. So, we don't even need
to use bubble beam. Water gun is more
than enough for the war tor there. We
are going to rub the captain's back.
It's on to Lieutenant Serge where it's
time to show the trash man what a real
Pokémon looks like. And while you might
feel a little bad for Lieutenant Serge,
remember that he took great joy in
beating up small children's Pokémon and
sending them to the hospital in the
anime. So, this guy totally deserves the
amount of disrespect he gets. So, let's
just go ahead and take out the trash in
this first attempt.
So, Sergy boy attempt number one. We
bubble beam on the first Voltob. That's
a one hitter. Pikachu comes out and in
spite of the fact that it is fat
Pikachu, it simply goes down and the
Raichu just gets completely destroyed.
So, 23 minutes 40 seconds, I actually
accidentally ran into a trainer and
reset to go back in order to avoid the
optional battle. So, yeah, it was
perfectly fine. We got through that
section. Sergy boy can do nothing
against the ultimate Pokemon. And
honestly, the only question in this
entire run is if it's ever possible that
any Pokemon survives against our
attacks. But now we are going to upgrade
our move set here by teaching the move
Thunderbolt. We're going to get this
over Mega Punch because I don't think
Mega Punch is ever really actually good.
We would much rather have a move like
Thunderbolt that is 100% accurate than
the lower accuracy of the mega punch.
And here against the wrapping last, she
resists all of our attacking moves. But
that's perfectly fine because it doesn't
matter if she has a resistance when
you're level 255 and a Mewtwo. So, let's
just make quick work of all these
trainers as we make our way through to
Seladon City where we can get access to
things like Ice Beam and Psychic. At
that point, I think we're just running
four attacking moves. Like even recover
is basically useless here cuz what are
we ever going to have to recover against
when we just one-shot everything. So,
we'll just pop in real quick to see the
self-destruct Hiker where we've
obviously got Bubble Beam even without
perfect stats and being the perfect
Pokémon. We know that that move would
always basically destroy him. So, easy
victory. But the reason we show him is
because he's the midpoint in a minimum
battles run. So, we've already completed
half of all the battles in the game at
this point. And I see that in the near
future, we're actually just going to be
going even faster given the fact that
we're no longer going to be dealing with
having to use up PP on all of our moves.
And now in Solidon, I'm just going to
get access to ice beam and we will get a
fresh water so that we can go get
ourselves psychic. And that will be the
end of learning new moves in this one. I
don't think we're ever going to need
anything else given the fact that we are
the strongest special attacker to ever
exist in the history of Pokémon. Like
Arus only wishes that it could be this
strong. And now that all of our moves
are completely overpowered to go
together with our overpowered Pokémon,
it's time to get into Erica's gym, where
the flower girl, I think, doesn't stand
a chance.
So, we come up against her victory bell
first. I'm going to simply go ice beam
and one-shot that Pokemon or the same
action on Tangala. Let's just use a
psychic on the vile plume just to do it.
Easy victory. 30 minutes 15 seconds to
get through to this section of the game,
including the time to catch a flying
Pokémon and do some minor housekeeping
on the back end. So, really not too bad.
All of the resets so far are just about
me like not being able to catch a wild
Pokemon and having to reset cuz I didn't
want to go buy more great balls. We've
never actually reset due to a battle.
So, I'm actually going to take those off
real quick. So, there we go. No resets
and we are ready to progress in the
game. And while we could Pokeball
Glitch, I'm not going to because I want
to just go ahead and show Giovani the
Pokémon that he wishes that he had, the
one that he briefly had in the anime,
but far more powerful than he ever could
have imagined. But now, it is worth
noting that if we were actually trying
to optimize this Pokemon in any sort of
way, the best strategy would actually be
to use weaker moves with more PP just to
avoid traveling back to the Pokemon
center because you're going to one-shot
with any move anyway, at least at this
point in the game. We'll see if using
the wrong move against some of the
trainers in the Elite 4 actually results
in them surviving or not. But for now at
least, that would be the strategy
because you'd rather use water gun
against anything, even if it resists the
move, just to avoid having to go back to
the Pokémon Center. But here, we have
successfully made it to Giovani. So,
let's just see how his Pokemon feel
facing the ultimate Pokémon. We bubble
beam on the Onyx, getting an easy one
hit KO. Same for the Reyhorn. Out comes
the Kangask. Let's just give it a
psychic. And uh that's going to make
Giovani very jealous. He wishes that he
actually had this Pokemon in the game
like he did in the anime. And with the
utter destruction of Giovani done, we
can make our way to the rival. Rival
number four is standing here with a nice
big team. But we have ice beam for this
first Pidgeotto. Though he disrespects
us by using the quick attack. That is
utterly unacceptable. Growli comes out
next. We're going to bubble beam to
destroy that Pokemon here. More ice beam
on the execute. Kadabra. I'm going to
just disrespect him back by using
psychic on his psychic Pokemon and
getting a onehit KO. And then
Thunderbolt, his war turtle. Homie never
stood a chance. Come on. And now we're
just going to destroy all of these
trainers on the way up the tower. We'll
get a free heal on the way as well due
to the purified protected zone. And I'm
just going to grab the elixir for the
elite 4 at the end just because yet
again, we've got to make sure that we
have the PP. I don't think we want to
struggle there. We probably could still
win with struggle as long as we get
through Agatha before we run out of PP,
but you know. So, we do make it of
course to Ghosty Mama against which this
is a ghost Pokemon. Technically,
Psychic's not a great move against
Ghost, but it does work. We get a onehit
KO. Now, we can just destroy these
rockets at the top of the tower and
we're ready to move on in the game. And
as we save Mr. Fuji and the old man
gives us a flute in typical old man
fashion, we're ready to now make our way
over to Koga. I'm just going to take the
gyms on technically in the order that
they're supposed to be taken on. And
it's not like we're scared of anything
anyway. We'll just go complete the
safari zone, get the HMS that we need,
and then we can come back up to fight
against Sabrina. And after destroying
all the other trainers in the gym, it's
just time to take on Koga and get a nice
easier victory, I think.
So, we're going to get revenge for the
fact that he killed Ash's Pidgeotto by
just coming in and spamming psychic on
the first coughing. We're going to use
psychic on the muk. Psychic on the
second coughing. He comes out with the
wheezing and psychic of course destroys
him. So, 37 minutes 56 seconds to beat
Koga, including the massive amount of
time it took at the beginning of the
game just to get through using all of
our PP and progress. And obviously, not
using any sort of optimized speed
routing, still getting through the game
nice and quick. And it's time to go back
to Saffron and take on the rival five
fight. Usually, this is the spot where
if you're running minimum battles with a
Mewtwo in this version of the game, the
Rival five fight is the first fight
that's actually kind of random where you
can lose at least some reasonable
percentage of the time, even running the
best possible move sets just because
you're in the slow level up group and
you don't typically have enough levels.
But here, we've got a level 255 Mewtwo.
So, the rival I think stands zero
chance. And I'm just gonna try to use
the wrong move against every single
Pokemon. Let's see how that goes. So,
for example, against the Pidgeot, we
would want to use ice beam or
Thunderbolt, but I'm just going to go
Bubble Beam. And of course, that's going
to get a onehit KO. Here against the
Growlithe, technically in Gen One, fire
does not resist ice, so it's just
neutally effective. I guess we'll go
Bubble Beam since it's the weakest move
against the execute. Alakazam, we can go
psychic and get the easy one hitter. And
Blastoise, how about a bubble beam? Oh
yes, look at the disrespect that we just
gave to Rival 5 here. We can choose the
wrong moves and still one-shot him with
every single one. And it's time to move
on to Giovani and just give him more of
the same disrespect. So Giovani leads
off with his Netherro. We don't actually
have any moves that are not effective
against that Pokemon. So I guess we're
just using whatever bubble beam. We get
to the Reyhorn, and this is the first
Pokemon that we could like not damage by
using Thunderbolt. And uh stomp did
three damage to us. So uh good job,
Giovani. And same for Neato Queen. Let's
just see what it does. Oh, it poison
stings us. Good job, Giovani. And now we
just completely destroy him on the next
turn. So now that we've disrespected
Giovani thoroughly, it's time to go and
fight against Sabrina, who I would also
argue is one of the hardest gym leaders
in this version of the game. Definitely
harder than Giovani in the Vidian gym in
Pokemon Red and Blue. But I think we've
got this one in the bag.
So, Sabrina attempt number one. I'm just
going to go psychic on the first
Kadabra. That is a onehit KO. Psychic on
the Mr. Mime is a onehit KO. Psychic, of
course, on Venomoth is going to be a
one-h hitter. And then psychic on the
final Alakazam. Yeah, it turns out
psychic is more than enough for
everything in that fight. 41 minutes to
get through this. Really not doing too
bad. Let's go take on Blaine, make our
way to Giovani, and then just continue
the disrespect as we go to the Elite 4.
And again, at this point, my only
challenge really is just to find out if
using the wrong move against any
opponent actually results in them being
able to survive a hit. And of course, if
TM28 were Tombstone and Blaine knew that
move, he would actually defeat our level
255 Mewtwo. But fortunately, he doesn't
know that move. So, let's get into this
fight and see if he can even survive.
[Music]
Now, unfortunately, all of our moves are
neutally effective here against Giovani.
So, I guess I'm just going to spam Ice
Beam and just let all of his Pokemon go
down because it's about as weak as any
of our moves can get. And we just
one-shot everything. 43 minutes 12
seconds to get through. And we are now
progressing to the final gym in Giovani.
And here against Giovani, outside of
using Thunderbolt, which is completely
ineffective, we can't even learn any
moves that are really resisted by
anything here. So, we're just going to
come in and completely destroy him.
Let's
[Music]
go. So, Giovani of course killed the
entire team of Gary Oak in the anime.
So, we're going to get a little revenge
here by just spamming bubble beam the
entire way on his entire team. So, we're
just one-shotting. Down goes the Needle
King. And finally, the Ride-On. Never
stood a chance. 44 minutes 35 seconds to
get through that gym. And we are on to
the Elite 4 and the champion. We've got
to fight our rival number six before we
get there, though. So, we'll go back to
trying to use the wrong moves just to
see how he goes. But, I'm pretty sure at
this point he's still not going to
survive the power of Mewtwo. So, rival 6
attempt number one. We're just going to
go, I guess, bubble beam on the first
Pidgeot against the Ry Horn. I mean,
Thunderbolt, but there's nothing to do.
We'll just go ice beam there. We'll just
destroy Growlith cuz we can. Let's go
Bubble Beam on the Execute. That's still
a onehit KO. Let's go psychic on
Alakazam. It still gets destroyed. And
bubble beam on the Blastoise. Yeah, it
was a critical hit. So, who knows? The
crit could have mattered, but we still
managed to get through in a single hit.
So, up to this point, we have, in fact,
one hit KO'ed every single Pokémon that
we actually tried to hit with a move
that could affect them. The only case
where we didn't was when we were
intentionally using Thunderbolt against
a ground type Pokemon just to see how
much damage they would do to me. It is
sad to note that we were not able to get
a zero damage run with this Pokemon. I
think if we started with psychic, it
might technically be possible, but Gen 1
just has so many opponents that are
using quick attack that trying to beat
the game with zero damage is actually a
pretty difficult thing to accomplish
outside of some sort of RNG manipulation
or saving and resetting a bunch of
times. But here in the victory road,
there's nothing to fight and I don't
think we need any of the items in here
either. So, we're just going to complete
the little puzzle here and make our way
straight to Lauraai where I'm going to
start off by using some Bubble Beam
there just to see how she goes. Maybe,
just maybe, something like the Lapras
could survive against Bubble Beam when
it's a resisted move. I kind of doubt
it, though. I think that we're still
going to one-shot even when we use the
absolute incorrect moves. We know that
Bruno is going to be a cakewalk. Agatha,
there's really nothing to do. Everything
is at least neutally effective there. So
maybe using Bubble Beam on Lance's
Pokemon could result in them surviving
at least one hit and then maybe the
champion's Blastoise. We could get a
survival if it gets hit with a Bubble
Beam. But outside of that, I'm not too
worried about notes one-shotting any
Pokémon here. And honestly, that's the
only thing that we have to make this
interesting is trying to not actually
one-shot our opponents because otherwise
I think this is basically a foregone
conclusion. Still, let's see how
powerful we actually are as we get into
the Lurai
[Music]
fight. So, Lurelai attempt number one.
We go Bubble Beam on the Dong. It's
still a onehit KO. Bubble Beam on
Cloyster. Still a one hitter there.
Actually, we should have gone ice beam
on both of those Pokémon, but Bubble
Beam destroys this Slowb Bro. We'll go
ice beam here on the Jinx. That's still
a one hitter. And let's try the ice beam
on this Lapras. is four times resisted
and still one shot. So clearly these
opponents are not yet strong enough to
actually survive any of our moves. So
that brings up Bruno. Let's just
completely stunt on
Bruno. So first up, he's got the Onyx,
but I'm just going to go all in here
with psychic. I don't think we even need
to mess around with anything else. Like
we know that none of Bruno's Pokémon
could survive a hit from us because he's
Bruno. So as we destroy the Machamp, we
easily get through that fight and we're
ready to move on to
[Music]
Agatha. Now, of course, Agatha killed
Pikachu in the anime, so we're going to
get a little revenge here, but Bubble
Beam is our weakest move. So it
one-shots there against the Gengar. We
one-shot the Golbat. We're going to
one-shot the Haunter. We're going to
one-shot the Arbok. And the second
Gengar at level 60 still can't stand up.
We easily get through that fight with no
difficulties. But now we've reached
Lance, a trainer against whom we can
actually use some resisted moves. So
let's just see how this fight actually
[Music]
goes. And Lance actually has Pokemon
with decent stats here. So let's just
see what Bubble Beam does to Gyarados.
It's a onehitter. Out comes the Dragon
Air. Dragon Air is obviously less bulky
than the Gyarados, so even Bubble Beam
will destroy these Pokemon. We have
nothing less than neutally effective
against the Aerodactyl, so we'll just
destroy it. And now, let's go Bubble
Beam on the Dragonite. Still a one hit
KO. So, basically, we could probably
have done this whole run up to this
point with just Bubble Beam and easily
destroyed everything. But now, it's time
to take on the champion. The final
chance for anything in the game to
actually survive one of our moves. Let's
see if it's even possible.
[Music]
So, first up, we've got the Pidgeot.
There's nothing less than neutral
effectiveness there, so let's just
destroy it. Let's go psychic on the
Alakazam. It's a crit, but still a
onehit KO. Of course, we have to use a
move that's at least effective against
the Rhydon. We have nothing less than
neutally effective moves against
Arcanine, so it just goes down. Now we
can go Bubble Beam on Exeggutor, usually
a tank, but it just completely gets
destroyed. And Blastoise Bubble Beam
still gets the one hit KO even without a
crit. So yeah, it turns out that a
Mewtwo that's at level 255 with max DVs
and all of the vitamins is kind of
overpowered. That being said, it still
has a really bad Brock split just due to
the fact that it has to use up all the
PP in its moves if you're actually going
to give it its legit level 255 move set.
But outside of that, every single one of
these fights is basically just slower
from me doing live commentary as I'm
playing. If you didn't comment like I
did, you could definitely get this down
to at least sub 40 minutes. I think even
with the Brock split, it wouldn't have
been that bad. So, just like that, we
have done it. We have actually made
Mewtwo exactly what it was in the
Pokemon anime. The strongest Pokemon
ever and completely impossible to defeat
by anything save maybe a level 255 Mew.
Who knows? We'll have to do that
someday, maybe. But for now, the rival
asks, "Why? Why did I lose?" Well,
because you didn't use the most
overpowered Pokémon in the history of
the game. And this is exactly the
reaction that the kids had on the
playground when I used to use this in
link battles back in 1996. So with that,
we can now move on to the post game of
this where the last thing I want to test
out is how do we do with our overpowered
Mewtwo if we go up against other Pokémon
that are over level 100? Can we find a
Pokémon that will actually resist our
moves enough to at least survive and hit
us with a counter? but with the
stipulation that it has to be my current
name, RBY PC, for RBY Pokémon
challenges. To be perfectly honest, I'm
not sure that my channel's name is
strong enough to give any challenge to
this Mewtwo, but we'll watch the old man
try to catch the Weedle because he's
trying to repeat our last run on the
channel. Little did he know, we've
already surpassed that spectacularly
with this Mewtwo. But now we come up
against a level 141 Star me. And I just
want to see if we use ice beam since
psychic is technically much stronger as
the same type move, but ice beam is
resisted. Can this Pokemon survive a
hit? And sure enough, it can. It
survives with 17 HP remaining and then
uses tackle against us. Good job, Star
Me. So, we're going to give Star Me just
a little bit of respect. That Pokemon
actually is kind of legit. This Gobbat
on the other hand, we have nothing less
than neutral effective moves. Let's go
for bubble beam and it is still a onehit
KO on a Golbat that's well over level
100. We get a level 80 missing no here
which is of course a bird type Pokémon
and we just destroy it in a single hit.
And we get a level 41 Arbox which we can
just simply destroy. So, unfortunately,
I think that does it for the Legend of
Ultra Instinct Mewtwo. At level 255, we
found exactly one Pokémon that was
actually able to survive a hit, and it
was when we found a Starby over level
100. If that Pokémon is just barely
surviving against Ice Beam, I don't see
any way that the level 70 Mewtwo in the
game would survive a single hit from us.
So, I think we can officially announce
that short of being level 100 plus
Pokémon that also has really good
special, nothing can actually stand up
to this Pokémon. Anyway, I hope you guys
enjoyed this one. I hope you kind of
enjoyed seeing the fact that while it is
the strongest Pokémon, that starting
move set, my gosh. And uh speaking of
overpowered Pokémon, I'm thinking of
doing a run very soon with the actual
canon version of Ash's Pikachu. I think
it's a lot stronger than what many of
you might think. And while there have
been videos done on, you know, what is
the level or power of the Pokemon? I
think Matt Pat did a really good one
over on his game theory channel back in
the day, I'm willing to bet that his
analysis was completely wrong. And I'm
going to break down in canon exactly
what the stats of that Pikachu actually
should be. Anyway, we'll get into that
next time. So, for this time, thank you
so much for watching. Thanks to the
channel members. I will see you in the
next one later.
[Music]
Heat.